>> Speaker 2: Does it just bubble
up to the nearest suspense?
>> Brian Holt: Mm-hm, so
if you had one above that,
it would hit the first closest one, yeah.
>> Brian Holt: And I think it just crashes
if you don't have one, I'm not sure.
>> Brian Holt: So Facebook says that
they're using suspense everywhere.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Is there anything different
about using this with Parcel versus
Webpack?
>> Brian Holt: Nope,
they work the same way.
Yeah, so they both look for
this import keyword,
>> Brian Holt: And
they'll split intelligently on that
point and they both know how to do it.
Maybe mechanically it works
a little bit differently, but
lazy comes from React and so
lazy knows how to handle it.
>> Brian Holt: Same with rollup as well.
So that's code splitting.
There's not a lot more to it than that.
It's a fairly easy technique, especially
with lazy now, lazy and suspense.
If you watch V1 and V2 of this course,
this used to be a lot
more difficult to do.
[LAUGH] And it's just getting easier,
which is cool.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that's the end of code splitting.
So I'm gonna go reset
my repo really quick.
>> Brian Holt: I'll do that in here,
rather.
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna say git reset HEAD --hard,
and then I'm gonna say git clean -f.
And then I'm gonna say npm install.
Again, if you want to check that out, the
branch of that that's available is called
code splitting and
it is on the GitHub repo.